Correct capture_body config var values referred to in messaging spec (#615)
elastic/apm: specs/agents/tracing-instrumentation-messaging.md

- **`context.message.body`**: similar to HTTP requests' `context.request.body`- only fill in messaging-related **transactions** (ie
incoming messages creating a transaction) and not for outgoing messaging spans.

>    - Capture only when `ELASTIC_APM_CAPTURE_BODY` config is set to `'all'` or `'transactions'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Capture only when `ELASTIC_APM_CAPTURE_BODY` config is set to anything other than `off`.
```
Maybe a bit more accurate as it includes `errors` as well.

>    - Capture only when `ELASTIC_APM_CAPTURE_BODY` config is set to `'all'` or `'transactions'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Capture only when `ELASTIC_APM_CAPTURE_BODY` config is set to anything other than `off`.
```
Maybe a bit more accurate as it includes `errors` as well.

Author: Actually this should **not** capture `transaction.context.message.body` when `capture_body == 'errors'`, right?  In other words, I think my original is correct.

Reviewer: Sorry, I was too haste to comment, focusing on config **type** correction without looking into the context 🙏 
You're absolutely right!
